( crowd chattering )
Whoa, now, whoa, now.
Hey, steady, now.
ANNOUNCER:
And now to chute number four,
riding Diablo Loco,
Cordell Walker.
That's a big knot.
You got it.
Grab it.
There you go.
That's it.
( country theme playing )
( crowd cheering )
( buzzer buzzes )
( whinnies )
Hey, good ride, Cordell.
Hey, got Diablo there,
huh?
Guess that's supposed
to be a good ride, huh?
Good enough
for first place.
One hell of a way to spend
a day off, boy.
Heh. I can't think
of a better way.
I can think of a million
better ways.
Yeah, all starting
with girls.
Here. Carry this.
Hey, how much money
you win?
WOMAN:
Oh, there he is!
( women screaming )
Would you sign...
Can I have your
autograph, please?
Oh.
You did so good
in the rodeo.
Oh, uh, girls,
this is my partner,
Ranger Trivette.
WOMEN:
Hi.
Do you ride broncs,
too?
N-No. I, um...
Oh, Walker.
When are you riding again,
Walker?
Oh, soon.
Soon?
Mm-hm.
Are you married,
Cordell?
Thank you.
( mellow theme playing )
Let me ask you something,
and be honest, all right?
What?
How hard is it?
How hard is what?
H-How difficult is it to ride
one of those wild animals?
Heh-heh. Well, you have to learn
how to ride a tame one first.
No, I'm serious.
Well, I'm serious too.
Well, how long
would it take?
( suspenseful theme playing )
Ought to be about time.
Yep. Any minute now.
What's wrong
with that picture?
Uh,
the ugly clown's
got his nose on crooked.
No, the bull riding
is going on right now.
So?
So, what are two rodeo clowns
doing out here?
MAN:
Okay, let's do it.
Let's go.
Our day off just ended.
Come on!
CLOWN 1:
Get out!
Get him out of there!
( tires screeching )
Come on. Let's go.
Let's go.
Texas Rangers! Freeze!
DRIVER:
Come on, man! Drop that gun!
Load it up.
Let's get out of here.
I got this.
( tires screeching )
You're under arrest.
Now, settle down.
No, you settle--
MAN 1: Yes!
MAN 2: All right, Walker.
You guys all right?
BOTH:
Yeah.
( moaning )
Sometimes it doesn't pay
to clown around, huh?
( light rock
action theme playing )
Yeah, yeah,
I'm gettin' this, guys.
You think I'm gettin' it?
( horse whinnies )
Giddyup.
C.D.:
You made the papers again.
That so?
Yup.
They spell my name
right this time?
Nope, you're not
even mentioned.
What do you mean,
I'm not mentioned?
This isn't about
that armored car heist.
Those reporters
are so used to Walker
doing these things,
they don't even bother.
This is about him
donating his rodeo winnings
to the wildlife
rescue center.
You gave that $10,000
to a bunch of chipmunks?
I like chipmunks.
You still got the buckle,
though, right?
No, the buckle is going to
a real special little guy.
Washoe.
Frances Clancey.
Okay, thanks, Uncle Ray.
Hold the reins, C.D.
Hey, wa--
Don't give it to him.
You'll be okay.
No, I'll wait
till you get back.
Just stay in the saddle.
Jimmy, lets get this show
on the road.
Uh, okay, walk me easy.
Oh, yeah, if you gonna
ride rodeo, partner,
you got to ride rodeo.
If you're gonna be a bear,
you might as well be a grizzly!
( mellow theme playing )
Hello?
FRANCES:
Oh, hi, Mr. Walker.
Look, I'm really
sorry to bother you.
I mean, you've done so much
for us and all.
That's all right, Frances.
What's wrong?
Well, I-I'm worried
about Billy.
See, he didn't come home
from work last night,
and, well,
it was our anniversary.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, I know.
I made a special dinner
and everything.
Is this the first time
he's done something like that?
Oh, yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
It ain't--
It ain't like Billy at all.
I'll be right over.
No.
No, Mr. Walker, don't.
That's okay, don't--
Don't worry about it.
I know you're really busy
and everything.
Oh, that's okay, Frances.
I was coming over anyway.
I have something
for little Billy.
Thank you, sir.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Ow, ow, ow.
C.D.!
( mysterious theme playing )
( banging )
( glass shattering )
Where's Billy?
I don't know.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Billy!
Where's your puke
of a husband?
No. Stop it.
Please, he ain't here.
Where the hell is he?
Don't you touch my kid!
Don't you touch him!
You got 10 seconds to tell me
where Billy is.
I don't know where he is!
I don't--
Oh!
You okay, Frances?
Yes. Thank God
you're here.
Uncle Cordell!
I don't think
I would do that.
I'm just reachin'
for my badge.
Badge?
Let's see it,
real slow.
"David Kilmer, State Department
of Corrections."
Parole officer?
I was doing my job
when you butted in.
I didn't know the state hired
men who ransack private property
and terrorize
innocent people.
I was searching the place
and questioning a witness.
Well within my authority.
I'd say you exceeded
your authority.
Well, from what I understand,
you don't use a lot of
"please" and "thank you"
in your line of business.
My line of business
is criminals,
not women and children.
Different rules apply
in my game.
I deal with the scum
of the earth.
Eight out of 10
wind up back inside,
and it's my job
to hook 'em up.
You never know
when there's a shotgun
waitin' beside the door.
Billy Clancey's
going straight now.
Heh. Yeah, aren't they all?
What are you doing here?
Billy didn't show up
for work last night.
I came to get him.
He's going back
to the joint.
Missing a shift is no reason
to revoke his parole.
Yeah, well, he tested dirty
for drugs too.
That's a lie,
Billy don't use drugs.
Yeah?
I got a lab report
says otherwise.
If he comes to see you,
you have him give me a call,
hear?
It'll be a lot easier on him
if I don't come after him.
And I'll expect you
to stay the hell
out of my jurisdiction.
Next time,
I won't be blindsided.
If there is a next time,
I won't have to.
( mysterious theme playing )
FRANCES:
Billy was really hot
back then,
winnin' one race
after another.
But then
at Altamont Speedway,
his car went off the track
at 120 miles per hour,
and, well, his career
was pretty much over.
He still walks
with a limp.
Really?
Yeah.
It was downhill
after that.
We was broke.
Billy couldn't get work,
and sometimes
we didn't even eat.
You know,
he was desperate.
( chuckles )
So, what did Billy
wind up doing?
Well, the blackest day
of his life
was when he drove
the getaway car
in a bank job
that went sour.
Let me guess.
It was Walker
that showed up.
Yes, sir.
Took down the gang
single-handed, right?
That's right.
Why doesn't
that surprise me?
Look, Ranger Trivette,
my husband is a good man.
He's a victim
of circumstances.
I think Ranger Walker
saw that.
That's why he convinced Billy
to turn state's evidence
and helped him
get a lighter sentence.
When Billy came up
on parole,
Walker was right there
vouchin' for him.
So, what's Billy doing now?
He's a delivery truck driver
for the Lone Eagle
liquor warehouse.
Walker got him the job.
That was about,
uh, four months ago.
I checked at all
the hospitals. Nothing.
Oh, thank God.
Frances, you have any idea
what would make him
stay away from home?
No, no.
Everything's fine.
I mean, I did notice
about three weeks ago
Billy started
gettin' kind of moody.
I tried to find out
what was wrong,
but he wouldn't say.
Look, I want you and Junior
to stay at my ranch
until I locate Billy
and find out what's going on.
Thank you.
Oh, I almost forgot something.
( country harmonica theme
playing )
Look what you won yesterday.
Thanks, Uncle Cordell.
( laughs )
Mom, look what I won.
Yeah.
That's great, huh?
Hey, let's try
it on.
You like that.
Huh? You like it?
( mysterious theme playing )
( cows mooing )
Kilmer had no right
barging in like that.
ALEX:
I didn't say
it was right, Walker,
but it is the law.
Ex-cons are wards
of the state
until they're
released from parole.
The legal safeguards
that you and I enjoy
just don't apply to them.
A parole officer
can go in
and search them
or their premises
any time, any place,
without a warrant.
Billy doesn't do drugs.
It doesn't matter.
What do you mean,
"It doesn't matter"?
Kilmer can send
him back to prison
for spitting on the sidewalk
if he wants.
He holds Billy's freedom
in the palm of his hand.
Like God, huh?
Like God.
Who is this guy, anyway?
He used to be a cop.
He got kicked off
the force for brutality,
caught on with Corrections
last year as a parole agent.
Why would they hire
a guy like that?
Listen, there are two kinds
of parole officers.
The ones who come out
of civil service
who believe they
can make a difference,
and then ex-cops,
the ex-prison guards
who are usually assigned
to the hard-core,
non-repentant.
They're expected
to wield a heavy hammer.
Think whatever you want,
Alex,
but there's something
about this guy.
Just let him
do his job, Walker.
Something else:
If you do find Billy Clancey,
and he hasn't committed
a new crime,
you are duty-bound to turn him
over to his parole officer.
Don't hold your breath.
I didn't hear that.
( sighs )
Can we turn our attention
to current business?
I still haven't gotten
the paperwork yet
on yesterday's attempted
armored car heist.
It's in the mail.
Cute.
I have two people in jail.
I'd like to press charges
before their 72 hours are up.
Also, the man who escaped
yesterday
got away with $20,000.
Maybe you could question
those two prisoners
and see who
that fourth man was.
It's pretty much our only chance
of getting that money back.
Walker,
I know you went out on a limb
for Billy.
I'm sorry
it didn't work out.
Doesn't the law say
that you're innocent
until proven guilty,
counselor?
MAN 1:
Just want a couple smokes.
MAN 2:
Oh, yeah, forget it, man.
MAN 3:
Go on, man, give it to him.
MAN 2:
You already owe me.
MAN 1:
Shut your cheap mouth.
MAN 3:
Hey, somebody's comin' in.
MAN 1:
Yeah? Who is it?
MAN 2:
Look who's here.
MAN 3:
Well, Walker.
Got a lot of friends
in here, partner.
I met a few of 'em
once or twice.
Go home, Walker!
Get out of here!
( tense theme playing )
Cut him down.
Open seven!
Where's Hyde?
Behind you.
Who did this, Hyde?
He, uh--
He did it himself.
How can he hang himself
with only one working arm?
Who got away
in that pickup?
What pickup?
Who are you afraid of, Hyde?
The guy that hung your buddy?
I'm not tellin' you guys
squat.
Who was the last one
to see Pellam?
He only had one visitor
since he was admitted.
Who?
His parole officer,
Dave Kilmer.
( mysterious theme playing )
Remember when you said,
"What's wrong
with this picture?"
Yeah.
How does a guy in a thankless,
low-paying job
afford a, what,
$3,000 suit
and a $50,000 car?
Rich girlfriend?
Yeah, right.
( people conversing
indistinctly )
Thanks, bud.
That's right.
Look at you,
my little black friend.
Come and see me.
I ain't seen him
in a couple weeks.
This guy's right, man.
Come on.
MAN 1:
Come on, man.
Get on, man.
MAN 2:
What you been up to?
MAN 3: Well, hey, hey.
That's not
the way you...
MAN 2:
What you doin' here, Walker?
Well, well, well.
Mr. Walker.
Long time no see.
Seems like only yesterday,
Grundy.
( punch )
( grunts )
Excuse me.
Y-You all right, man?
Nice try.
( grunts )
Gentlemen,
how may I help you?
One of your parolees
hung himself
in county jail yesterday.
Pellam.
You don't say?
I do say.
He was part of that attempted
armored car heist yesterday.
You know,
I'm really puzzled here.
How could a guy hang himself
with one good arm?
I haven't got a clue.
TRIVETTE:
Well, we checked.
And another robber, Max Hyde,
is also one of your parolees.
And so is the DOA.
Roy Custer.
I just put his jacket
in the outgoing file.
You keep it up, Walker.
You're lightenin'
my caseload.
Well, the odds are the guy
that got away in the pickup
was one of yours too,
and he got away
with 20 grand.
( chuckles )
What's so funny?
You're probably right.
You're standing 10 feet away
from where...
most of the crimes committed
in this county are hatched.
You have all the answers,
don't you?
I try.
I want Billy Clancey's file.
It's been filed.
I don't know
what your game is, Kilmer,
but I'm gonna find out.
( suspenseful theme playing )
That'll cost you
another 50.
Hey--
Kilmer.
I want my money.
What money?
You got away
with 20 grand.
Oh, that money.
Uh, I meant
to give it to you--
Give it to me now!
I plan the perfect job
and you blow it.
You forgot to mention
the part
about the Texas Rangers
showin' up.
Ugh!
Don't you smart-mouth me.
And it better all be there.
( gasping ):
It is.
Honest.
Except for the 50
I gave to Bambi.
Hey, I worked hard for that.
You--
Don't ever cross me again.
( ominous theme playing )
Now, you're gonna tell me
where Billy Clancey is,
'cause if you don't--
WALKER:
If he doesn't, what?
He'll be harboring
a parole jumper.
That's against the law.
Are you done with
your questioning, Kilmer?
Yeah.
Good.
Heh. Thanks a lot, man.
That's all right.
Do you have any idea
where Billy is?
No, like I said, me and Billy
wasn't that close.
You had to have talked
about something.
Yeah, well, we did.
What did you talk about?
Mostly about huntin'.
I was tryin' to talk Billy
into goin' out with me
as soon as the season
opens next week.
Where do you hunt?
I got me a little shack down
on the north fork of the Brazos.
The Brazos?
That's pheasant country.
Oh, I don't shoot birds.
Javelina pig's
my game.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Billy's a nice guy.
I hope he ain't in no trouble.
I wish I could figure out
why Billy's running.
Well, if Farley told Billy
where the cabin was,
maybe he headed there.
So how are we
gonna go find him?
Well, javelinas stick
pretty much to the scrub brush.
That would be Palo Pinto.
( country theme playing )
Follow 'em.
If they find the kid,
kill 'em all.
You got it, Mr. K.
You do this for me,
Quint,
and I'll cut you loose
from parole.
That's my kind
of incentive.
Billy!
Billy Clancey!
It's Walker.
Might not
be Farley's cabin.
Let's find out.
What is it?
"To Frances, with
all my love, Billy."
Anniversary present?
Yeah, that means
he's around here somewhere.
Let's go find him.
Billy?
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Go ahead.
Just get it over with.
Turn around.
Why would I want to do that?
Well, didn't Kilmer send you?
Mr. Walker.
Hello, Billy.
Come on, we got to talk.
( suspenseful theme playing )
Frances was so happy
when I got out.
She figured life
finally cut us a break.
Well, it did,
but, uh,
all the breaks
were bad.
I might've
had a chance,
but I caught
the wrong parole officer.
Dave Kilmer?
Yeah... "Crime Wave" Dave.
"Crime Wave" Dave?
BILLY:
Yeah, that's what his ex-cons
call him.
To stay on his good side,
they have to pull jobs for him.
He gets them jobs where
they deal with a lot of cash,
and then they case
the place for him,
and then he puts together a team
from his caseload
and they take the place down.
Truck hijackings,
bank robberies,
armored car heists,
you name it.
You gotta be puttin' me on.
If they don't go along with it,
or if they cross him,
he revokes their parole and
sends them back to the joint.
He wanted me to take down
the Lone Eagle liquor warehouse.
I hope to God
you can prove this.
That's why I didn't go to
Mr. Walker in the first place.
I-- It's only my word
against his.
And you know
how they listen to ex-cons.
Besides, uh...
I'm scared to death that
Kilmer's gonna do somethin'
to Frances and Junior.
They're out at my ranch.
They're okay.
Kilmer always stays
in the background, right?
Yeah. No, he don't get dirty.
I hear he has a warehouse
full of stuff from his jobs.
Trucks it across the border
and sells it
on the black market in Mexico.
Why didn't you come to me,
Billy?
I know I let you down,
Mr. Walker,
and I feel terrible about it.
You didn't let me down, Billy.
If you'd gone with Kilmer,
you'd have let me down.
Where are you going?
I'll be right back.
( suspenseful theme playing )
Yeah, Walker got to him first.
Little dirtbag's
spillin' his guts.
Walker knows everything.
You're not helping me, Quint.
Well, here's something that
might be of some use to ya.
Walker's got Clancey's family
stashed at his ranch.
I want it to end out there.
Kill Clancey, Walker,
and his partner Tonto.
Whatever you say, Mr. K.,
but it's gonna cost you big.
Don't squeeze me, Quint.
It'll cost you five years
if you do.
WALKER:
Texas Ranger.
Drop the rifle.
Man! You scared me, Ranger.
I mean, what's wrong, anyway?
I'm just out here
huntin' some pig.
What were you doing,
calling them in by phone?
( suspenseful theme playing )
Don't think of it, now.
(grunts)
I told you
he'd come for me.
Just stay put. Just...
( Quint yells )
Settle down, or I'll hurt ya.
( groaning )
( chuckles )
How'd you spot him?
The glint off the phone.
Did Kilmer send you after Billy?
Who's Kilmer?
Probably your parole officer.
I don't know any Kilmer,
and who the hell's Billy?
I told you,
I was huntin' pig.
He was talkin' on this?
Yeah.
Maybe the redial button
will tell us who he called last.
Livin' in the 20th century
pays off, occasionally.
( telephone rings )
Parole office. Kilmer.
Kilmer.
I must've dialed
the wrong number.
Sure, you did.
Hello, Kilmer.
Who's this?
Walker.
What do you want?
Do you have a parolee
named Quint?
Yeah.
What about it?
He just tried to take out
Billy Clancey.
Doesn't surprise me.
There was bad blood
between him and Billy.
Went back to the joint.
Is that why
he just called you?
My parolees are always
checkin' in with me.
Just before they commit a crime?
Yeah.
Sometimes.
I guess they think it's funny.
In fact, I was about to revoke
Quint's parole.
I'm glad you caught him.
Saved me the trouble.
Your trouble is just beginning,
pal.
( subdued theme playing )
So, what do we got
here, now?
What we've got is
a guy running a robbery ring
right from his desk.
You think it's Kilmer that's
responsible for this crime wave
that's grippin' Dallas
for the last six months?
I'd bet on it.
Come here.
Dang it, he's gone.
This is gonna get ugly.
( horse whinnies )
It's like I told you,
Chief Billy,
if you hold open your hands,
life will come to you.
Uncle Cordell!
Hiya, pal.
Did you find my daddy?
Yeah, I sure did.
We talked.
Whoa! Look at that.
Uh, where is he?
Uh...
I'm not really sure right now,
Frances, but...
he wanted you to know
that he still loves ya
and that everything's fine.
He'll explain everything to you
as soon as he can.
Oh, meanwhile, he wanted me
to give you this.
Oh.
Oh...
Ahh! Very pretty.
Billy bought this?
Yeah, he sure did.
He hopes you like it.
Oh, I do.
I just wish that
he would come home.
He will, Frances.
As soon as he can.
( melancholy theme playing )
Hey, Walker,
let me ask you something.
What the devil is he doing?
How much rosin am I supposed
to put on this glove?
You don't wear a glove.
I knew that.
Oh, you wear a glove
for bareback riding.
Right.
"Harmony with Horses"?
Look, do I have everything
I need for bronc riding?
Right?
Well, you could use
a jock strap.
I got these.
Oh, man.
Uh, look, can we get
back to business?
We've gotta find Billy
and get him to the DA.
We gotta do
more than that.
We got a con's word
against Kilmer's,
we got no crime committed,
so that's gonna be
pretty tough to file.
Yeah.
These are cutting horse spurs.
You know,
all we've gotta do
is find some of Kilmer's cons
and get them to talk.
I don't see how.
You saw the fear in their eyes.
I can't believe how bold
Kilmer is.
I really think
he thinks he's untouchable.
Yeah, but he's gotta be
getting nervous right now.
What do you think
their next move is?
Oh, he's gonna try
to get to Billy.
Or his family.
( telephone ringing )
( hangs up )
What do you think?
( suspenseful theme playing )
Uncle Ray!
I got the house.
Okay.
What happened?
I'm sorry, Washoe.
I didn't see a thing.
Only stars that weren't
made in heaven.
Just take it easy,
I'll get you to a hospital.
No hospital.
People die there.
There's nobody here.
Do you know where
Frances and little Billy are?
No. I didn't see a thing.
I didn't see them.
( vehicle approaching )
I'm sorry I ran out on you,
Mr. Walker.
I panicked.
Where's Frances?
Where's Junior?
They're gone, Billy.
Where'd they go?
We think one of Kilmer's
goon squads took 'em.
Oh, Lord.
WALKER:
Are you sure you're okay,
Uncle Ray?
I'll be all right.
You go ahead.
Come on, Trivette.
Come on, Billy.
Where are we goin'?
WALKER:
To the DA.
You're gonna tell your story.
WALKER:
I know Billy's story
won't convict Kilmer,
but at least we can
arrest and indict him.
And that's all I need right now,
Alex.
All right, Walker, I'll listen.
Tell her your story.
I made it all up.
( gasps )
Excuse me?
I made it all up.
Come on, Billy.
See, the truth is, um...
I got too drunk
to go to work,
and I was ashamed
to tell Frances,
so I took off.
Don't do this.
I know that you're mad at me
for lying, Mr. Walker,
but I think the best thing
I can do right now
is turn myself in
to my parole officer
and face the music.
Billy...
look at me.
Look at me.
Why are you doing this?
Because I have to.
Can I go now?
You've committed no crime
that I know of,
and the parole office
hasn't filed
a parole violation, so...
yes, you're free to go.
TRIVETTE:
He's a friend of yours?
Why would he lie?
I'm gonna find out.
Billy!
Come here.
What do you think you're doing?
It's the only way to save
Frances and my boy.
If you go back to
Kilmer's office,
he's gonna send you
to prison.
Maybe, but they'll live.
How do you know that?
He's not gonna leave
any witnesses.
I don't have any other choice.
I know you're scared,
but I can help ya if you'll
come back and tell the truth.
Thank you, Mr. Walker, but...
I gotta turn it around
by myself.
I mean, Kilmer's got
Frances and Junior.
I've let them down in the past
and I'm not about
to do it again.
I do thank you
for all you've done,
but the rest is up to me.
And the rest is up to him?
That's what he said.
You'd think he'd know better
by now.
Well, the kid's scared.
He has no faith
in the system anymore.
No wonder, having a parole
officer like David Kilmer.
I tell ya, that guy's beginnin'
to get on my nerves.
I mean, we're stuck.
Right?
He's got us sittin' here.
We gotta stop this thing
before it gets any further
out of hand.
Well, I love my job, but...
Sometimes I-I wish
I didn't have to uphold the law.
Yeah,
sometimes I do wish that.
I know how you feel.
But fortunately...
that's the way we are.
Let's hit the road.
I think better when I'm driving.
( ominous theme playing )
( engine starts )
I hear you wanna see me.
( sighs )
I know Billy thinks he's doing
the right thing,
but if we're gonna keep him
out of prison,
we're gonna have to work this
from another angle.
Frances and Billy Jr.?
Yeah.
All we gotta do is find out
where Kilmer's got 'em stashed.
What about the warehouse
Billy was talking about?
How we gonna find it?
Talk to one of Kilmer's cons.
Right behind you.
I'm gonna tell you what,
Trivette,
if anything happens
to that little boy,
there won't be a hole deep
enough for Kilmer to hide in.
Yo, Walker.
You got no reason
to roust me, man!
I'm gonna
ask you once...
nicely.
Where's Billy Clancey's
wife and kid?
Hey, man, I don't know
what you're talkin' about.
Okay.
Trivette.
( rattling )
What's in the bag?
What does it sound like?
( louder rattling )
Hear you're afraid of snakes.
Oh, hey--
Hey, man, you're crazy.
We've been told that.
No! No!
Trivette, how long does it take
for someone to die
from a snakebite?
Couple, two, three hours.
But I hear it's really painful.
Yeah, that's what I hear, I hear
you start swelling all up,
your neck starts to swell,
where you can't breathe,
and you start choking,
going "ugh", "ugh", "ugh"...
TRIVETTE: That's what I hear.
WALKER: Yeah.
Grundy.
Turn around here.
For the last time,
where is Billy Clancey's
wife and kid?
Man, you know I can't tell ya.
Kilmer'll kill me!
You're gonna die anyway.
Put the sack on his head.
No! No! Wait!
Wait!
They're in a warehouse
at 6th and Main!
Just take it away!
Let's go.
No! No, leave it in the bag!
Leave it in the bag!
( growls )
( laughs )
Oh, man!
Grraah!
( ominous theme playing )
( knock at door )
You said you'd let them walk out
if I came with you.
And you were dumb enough
to believe me.
You're goin' south
in the next shipment.
Only, you won't be alive
to enjoy the trip.
I'm sorry, baby.
( gun cocks )
MAN:
The door!
Hey! Door!
KILMER:
Check it out.
( all shouting )
Come on!
Other side!
What do you got?
It's rigged!
MAN 1: Behind the grate.
MAN 2: Come with me.
MAN 3: It's Walker!
( shouting indistinctly )
MAN 1:
Come on! Come with me!
MAN 2:
Come on, men.
( gunshots )
( Kilmer shouts indistinctly )
Untie your son.
MAN 3:
Take him, man.
MAN 1:
I'm going around
the back side!
MAN 2:
I've got a bead on him!
MAN 1:
If you see him,
you take him down!
MAN 2:
He's in the corner!
( grunts )
Remember me?
( grunting )
( Kilmer grunting )
( Kilmer panting )
You said next time
I won't blindside you, Kilmer?
You'll see this one coming.
Well, maybe not.
Don't!
Billy!
Oh, God, please be okay.
Daddy? Daddy?
( Frances crying )
All right, yeah!
Happy anniversary!
Happy number seven!
Baked it up myself.
Oh, sure you did.
Ahem. Shall we blow out
the candles?
Yeah? Okay.
Ready? Go!
All right, all right!
All right...
( all laugh )
Billy's testimony
did the trick.
The grand jury just
indicted Kilmer.
Oh... Oh!
Did you tell him yet?
No, I haven't told him yet.
Walker got you released
from your parole.
Oh, Walker.
And you got your job back.
All right, enough of that.
Cut the cake. Come on.
Someone's hungry.
Okay.
Okay!
All right!
Okay, Walker, let her go.
You sure?
Yeah. Rock and roll, man.
Okay.
Giddyup.
All right, James.
Heh. Yeah.
Heh-heh.
Giddyup!
( chuckles softly )
That's right,
that's right.
( horse neighs )
( chuckles )
Giddyup.
Jimmy...
You got to show the horse
who's boss!
Aah!
Hyah! Hyah!
Oh...my...God! Walker!
Somebody! Somebody!
Please! Walker!
Somebody!
( upbeat theme playing )